don't wake up let's go the elephant's
Nino's look at that
baby gotta pay we got a baby
what is that a face only a mother could
love
sir many of us find you handsome I was
talking about the elephant you have
until tomorrow night to fix that me make
those ears disappear don't look at me hi
baby jumbo welcome to the circus roughly
here no matter how small
[Music]
yes something very rare
you have wonder
[Music]
you have mattered
come with me
together we should saw all that other
things wings
[Music]
you're American Dumbo okay Big D this is
it just like the rehearsal except the
lights music firing crowds you could do
it
why double fly
[Music]